<div class="recitation">



<div class="column_date">
<p markdown="block">

Lab # 1 <br> 
Thu, Sep 7 

</p>
</div>



<div class="column_recitation" >
<p markdown="block">

**Starting with Python (due Sept. 13 at 11:55pm)**

Note: *if you joined the class late or if you did not , follow the steps to create your account on `PythonAnywhere` (see the assignments for class #1).* 

---

The exercises that you complete in this lab will give you a taste of programming.
You will read and write programs in Python - the programming language that we
will be learning this semester. You do not need to install any software to complete
this lab assignment. You need a computer with Internet access (either your personal
computer or any NYU public lab computer).


- Login to your `PythonAnywhere` account (use a separate tab in the browser so
that you can switch back and forth between this page and the `PythonAnywhere` 
page). 
- Switch to the `Files` tab and under `Directories` create a new directory
called `lab01`. This creates a new directory and switches to that directory. 
- Under the `Files` create a new file called `problem1.py`. This creates a new
file and brings you to the code editor. 
- Use the `problem1.py` link below. Copy the entire text of the problem and paste it
in the editor on `PythonAnywhere`. Complete the tasks in problem 1 and answer the
questions. Once finished, make sure you save your changes and then
run `exit()` in the console below the code editor (the area on the black background).  
- Repeat the last step for all five problems. 


__Problems for this lab:__
- [problem1.py]({{ site.labs_url }}labs/lab01/problem1.py)
- [problem2.py]({{ site.labs_url }}labs/lab01/problem2.py)
- [problem3.py]({{ site.labs_url }}/labs/lab01/problem3.py)
- [problem4.py]({{ site.labs_url }}/labs/lab01/problem4.py)
- [problem5.txt]({{ site.labs_url }}/labs/lab01/problem5.txt)


<!--

- Complete the problems listed there in `lab01` folder. The final versions
(i.e., the ones that will be graded) should be there no later than the due date of
Sept. 13 at 11:55pm. 
-->
--- 

__Submitting your work:__

Once you are done with all the problems, you will need to first download them 
to your own computer and then upload them to NYU Classes. 
Next to each file in the lab01 directory, there is a `download` icon (an
arrow pointing down). When you have all the files on your own computer, you
can upload them to NYU Classes. Use _Lab01_ link under the _Assignments_ link. 

</p>
</div>



</div>
